{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green3\blue255;\red11\green85\blue52;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c1176\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c4314\c33333\c20392;}
\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 EtreCheck Terms of Use
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Before posting your EtreCheck report publicly, please read and agree to the following: 
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EtreCheck is frequently recommended on internet discussion forums such as Apple Support Communities. Apple Support Communities, although hosted by Apple, Inc. is a public internet discussion forum like any other. The people providing technical support on Apple Support Communities are usually not Apple, Inc. employees. They are other Apple, Inc. customers like yourself. Etresoft, Inc. cannot guarantee the accuracy of any suggestions you may receive on an internet discussion forum or web site. Please \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
review\cf2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discussions.apple.com/docs/DOC-5952"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 Apple Support Communities\'91 Terms of Use Agreement}} \cf0 before\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  posting an EtreCheck report on Apple Support Communities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li159\fi-7\ri-9309\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 By posting your EtreCheck report publicly, you agree to be bound by and respect the terms of use listed below. The EtreCheck report is provided \'93as is\'94 without guarantee or warranty of any kind. You acknowledge that your use of EtreCheck and the EtreCheck report is at your own risk and that you waive Etresoft, Inc. of any responsibility for any errors or possible disclosure of your personal information. You further agree that Etresoft, Inc. is not responsible for: any damage to your machine; loss of your personal or business data either on your computer, other devices, or in cloud storage; and/or loss of use, or loss of profit, that may result from using EtreCheck or following advice or instructions posted on an internet forum or web site. Finally, you agree that any contact with Etresoft, Inc. or use of its products shall be under the jurisdiction of, and governed by, the laws of Canada and the province of Ontario. 
\b0 \
You can always \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
contact\cf2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.apple.com/contact"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 Apple Support}} \cf0 directly or an\cf2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://locate.apple.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc3 Apple Authorized Service Provider}}. \cf0 They\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  can provide one-on-one assistance either in-person or via internet screen-sharing.}